# MatrixJava
 (The Matrix class) Design a class named Matrix implements the Comparable and Cloneable interfaces. to calculate some arithmetic operations on Matrices The class contains: 	private int data fields named M and  N to save number of rows and column, respectively, and also private double[][] array to store M- by – N array whose name is data  with the getter method. 	constructor that constructs an array with specified M and N, i.e public Matrix(int M, int N). 	constructor that constructs an array  with specified two dimensional double array, i.e. public Matrix(double [][] data). 	constructor that constructs copy of Matrix, i.e. private Matrix(Matrix A).   	A method named random(int M, int N) that returns a random M-by-N matrix with values between 0 and 1. 	A method named identity(int N)  that returns  N-by-N identity matrix. 	A void method named swap(int i, int j)  to swap rows i and j. 	A method named plus(Matrix B) that returns a new Matrix whose value is this+B. 	A method named minus(Matrix B) that returns a new Matrix whose value is this-B. 	A method named times(Matrix B) that returns a new Matrix whose value is this*B. 	A method named times(double scalar) that returns a new Matrix whose value is this*scalar.	 	A method named eq(Matrix B) that returns a true if this and B are equal. 	A method named transpose() that returns a new matrix which is transpose of the original one. 	A method name isReversible() that returns true if its determinant is not equal 0.  	A method named inverse(double[][] data) or inverse()that returns a new matrix which is inverse of the original one if it is inversible. You may use external program or class written by someone to calculate inverse, or you may use your own one using Gaussian elimination with partial pivoting. 	A method named determinant() that returns BigDecimal/double calculated determinant value of the original matrix. You may use external program or class written by someone to calculate this determinant 	A method named adj(double[][] data) or  adj() returns adjoint matrix of an original one. 	A method named  show() to display matrix 	A method named  frobenius() that returns the Frobenius norm of the matrix. The Frobenius norm is the square root of sum of the squares of all the entries. 	A method named trace() that returns the trace of the matrix. The trace is the sum of the major diagonal entries. 	A method named isSymmetric() that returns true if the matrix is symmetric and false otherwise. The matrix A is symmetric if it is square and Aij = Aji for all i and j. 	A method name soln() that  returns solution matrix for linear equation systems. that is, x = A^-1 b, assuming A is square and has full rank. 
